Hey recently I got this effect pedal let
me show you some cool effects no one
that's just normal crunch that's another
cool one that I don't know it does what
sounds people don't take effects they
just repeat around a couple times just
around
was there I think is pretty cool it's
got little driving their own easy task
another good feature is that you can
edit on it simply turn it on off of that
I think I get about is that it's
although you've got the drums on every
record still stays in place like it
still have that effect in
just tell the drums it off
that is a digit at RP 50 Tom modeling
princess also has 50 quick from my local
music shop and I mean I was gonna get
one you like what this video cuz fairly
helpful I hope